docs : add an example of using dynamic components (#13993)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/05-await.md

	<p>The error is {error}</p>
{/await}
```

> [!NOTE] You can use `#await` to render dynamic components with the help of the `import()` function:
>
> ```svelte
> {#await import('./Component.svelte') then Component}
>	<Component.default />
> {/await}

> > ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ```

```

	<p>The error is {error}</p>
{/await}
```

> [!NOTE] You can use `#await` to render dynamic components with the help of the `import()` function:
>
> ```svelte
> {#await import('./Component.svelte') then Component}

> >	<Component.default />

Reviewer 2: I think this should be indented a level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 	<Component.default />
```

> Also you can render dynamic components with the help of import() function.
> 
> ```svelte
> {#await import('./Component.svelte') then Component}
>   <Component.default/>
> {/await}
> ```
> 
> > [!NOTE] You need to add `.default` since components export a default only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE] You can use `#await` to render dynamic components with the help of the `import()` function:
>
> ```svelte
> {#await import('./Component.svelte') then Component}
>	<Component.default />
> {/await}
> ```
```
